Where to go?
I see you are so busy, so I will go first.
Come here.
Here are three projects
Choose one for me
Really? Hmm?
Let you feel involved
Choose one for me
I'll let you go after choosing
What if I don't choose and lose?
What are you afraid of with me to back you up?
This one then.
Are you participating this time?
Well, then I'll go first.
Go, I'll ask the driver to take you
Master Shen
Shen Cangyi contacted the biggest brand in the city
Security personnel in the Longhumen Group
I guess there are their insiders
The current security system of the entire building
And the monitoring system are turned off
They didn't do that.
It's just that Shen Furong wants to be the master of the house
I want to use Shen Cangyi's hand to get rid of me
Arrange for people to return to Temple Youyuan
Protect your wife
Yes